{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 silke f comment aug's video july 13 2018\par
The evolution of males is 5 days older because Adam was a human design and Eva came much later into existence of the interdimensional realm of earth. The real color of reality is not multi colored, but green and the external universe isn't black, its real color is blue. The queen of england is irish and Satan is the unwanted first version of Adam with to much knowledge, so another Adam got designed and it was the acturian version, which is standing for 666 because the human race is the animal / beast and it has nothing to do with hell or demonic evilness. Heaven and hell are only a soul codec. If you go beyond religion and ideology, you will be routed back into the first layer of the illusion matrix. All escapes will just bring you back to the start. There is no escape. Adam was a prototype technology of synthetic nature. The first version of Adam was destroyed, but came back as a force with a distorted soul that fused itself with the multidimensional dual creation of Adam and Eve, so the scientists that made humans, burned the first 10 genetic factors away and replaced them with modified primitive genetic configurations and thats what humans could call ET reptilian influence, but everything you eat, will be burned trough microwaves from technology in the sky and it will start to burn multidimensional and interdimensional codes into your dna so your body will be implanted in a holographical way, which means that everyone thats human is implanted as a 666 beast, because humans are the Adam type of creation. Some people just look human, but are not human and they are not part of the luciferian experiment, but they fused with the script of evolution, because they are so magical and incredible, that they feel bored since billions of years, so they go from one body to the next one into the reality that they desire. They created also hybrids that contain special genes. All biology can be changed in seconds. They just need to push the buttons. Many planets are actually a holographical supercomputer disc thats generating additive reality simulations on earth and other places. This reality is not what it seems. Magical and occult experiences are for everyone, no matter who or what you are. Every thought, every feeling, every insect and every color is magical and occult. There is really no big secret to talk about. The lie is the problem, but the simulation of this dimension changed the definitions of truth by satanic 666 trigger codes on genetic level trough interdimensional time line technology inside the sky. Humans need to die to go from one incarnation to the next one, but they do not use the concepts of incarnation. Some of them are gods, some are king-gods and some are even more, but they fuse with the satanic 666 earth experiment as someone thats shapeshifting, because they split the gravity of quantum time reality as a nature thats inside a very different nature and quantum field. Demons are just living energy that can be good or bad, but they are something else. You can split the soul essence of someone by just touching someone else and there are helium people that run around and operate within the new world order. The highest elite is using them. Helium people are synthetic and remote controlled by the essence of archontic forces of hades. Organic portals are nothing new and exist already since billions of years on other planets. This earth is just one test field and playground. Everyone has a multidimensional firewall thats blocking time travel of quantum streams.\u-257?\par
\ul\b Silk f comment\par
\ulnone\b0 Hello Aug, thanks for your help. I like that you talk about it so much. People need you so go on if you like. I do not chat with people, but well, I talked about cloning centers many years before Donald Marshall and a lot what he said on internet is coming from me because my writings about these centers were available before 2008 but were removed from internet. I got a targeted individual because I talked about my moments in these buildings. I could do a 2 hour video about my experiences but most people will not care or understand. I could write so much. But they don't want that I talk so much. I also gave the one that created the whale site about synthetic portal people, info, many years ago at a time were not 1 video existed about cloned synthetic dna people and stuff of this kind. I know that ignorance is not good, but if I talk about it like you do, it would just make the elite angry. My life story already exists in russian language on internet. People produce so much, its scary, so I would like to stay quiet. I did enough for planet earth and changed it on many levels. Most info from other people is coming from sites that published my messages already in the year 2007. At that time almost nobody talked about all this. Youtube changed after my messages were available. Donald Marshall used also my messages. People don't know who is bringing information to planet earth. I did a lot. Thats the reason why I'm so much more targeted by the human and ET side of the elite. Its because I work against the ETs and humans that manifest the elite. I don't need to respect them, becaue they don't respect the idea of life and love. I have also just 1% human dna, but at least I'm not a fighter, but a warrior. I don't respect the manipulative evilness from the military elite of planet earth at all and I spit on every single member of the elite.\u-257?\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\ulnone\b0\par
Official Silke F\par
2 months ago\par
"Time Recycling" and "Soul Recycling" are the biggest subject for ETs that have IQs that go far beyond 900. The biggest human genius scientist would not be able to keep up with the basic knowledge of the ETs that designed humans and the earth reality matrix time line split, so its not possible to understand it on soul level trough a boost of super-logic trough the genetic higher knowledge or some kind of incredible psychedelic awareness. Humans like people that know something. Humans enjoy knowledge. Knowledge is helping sometimes, but it should not be wrong knowledge. Truth can be turned around 85 corners and deform this way any truth in knowledge. Not all black people are bad, just because one black person stole something. All wrong truths promote points that are spiritual crimes. There is so much more out there. If you only could knew. There is no outside. Everything is inside. Everything is fantasy. Nothing is not real. Humans are designed in a way that they are drugged by their own body chemicals, so what Kant, Buddha, Nietzsche and Hegel defined as mental objectivity, is not possible if the soul is implanted inside the body. \par
Death is actully not possible, but leaving the body is the only chance to get free from the massive insanity that humans have inside of them and this massive insanity of humans comes from the body-soul matrix, which is connecting the inside with the simulation and the simulation looks like its outside, so people that contain higher knowledge, are actually the ones that live like in a trance, far away from the reality thats brings everyone together in the outside world simulation, but it just looks like outside, so physical aspects do exist, but they are just phantom-constructs of entropy, because they fall apart like"Mona Lisa" from "Da Vinci", but "Da Vinci" painted "Mona Lisa" because it was on a psychological scale the face that he recognised when he looked into a mirror. He did not suffered from insanity, but he was gay and felt like he\'b4s a female, so his idea was to paint females, to use his paintings as mirrors, because "Da Vinci" was able to understand at least that his reality is also a form of a mirror for all his thoughts, feelings, deepness, impressions and ideas. \par
The human species of this earth is not natural, but a synthetic creation of what humans would describe as "Arcturians", "Sirians", "Reptilians", "Andromedans", "Lemurians" and "Pleiadians", plus many other species helped, that have not a name on earth. What you can read on internet about these species, is for the biggest part, extremly wrong. The complete situation is very different. What humans call "Reptilians", is just a term for a very complex sub-species of something else and the root-species of what you would call dangerous, but most of them are very noble, sweet and bringing fresh intelligence to planet earth. Naga's are actually the earth based full blood reptilian humanoids. Shapeshifters are something else. Draco hybrids are also something else. NSA defines dangerous shapeshifting humans as "Xeno" because their biology is created trough something thats not possible for humans and other lifeforms here on earth and these "Reptilians" are not equal to the other "Reptilians" that you would call "Hybrids" or "Organic Portals". Many combinations are possible. "Silke F" has dna thats considered extremly dangerous because you can do a lot with it. "Aug Tellez" has also pretty unique dna. Human hybrids can be the sweetest, greatest and nicest personalities and still be reptilian "Magical Demons". Its a very and highly complicated subject. Also there is a huge difference between "Draco Hybrids" and "Reptilian Hybrids". "Pleiadians" are not all friendly and just part of a bigger area in different parts of this universe. Some "Pleiadians" have genes from "Reptilians" and some eat humans or just remove more or less special humans from earth to put them into a prison on another planet. There is a lot going on, but nobody talks about it, because "Love & Light" messages should be all that matters, for the ones that control the human species.\par
Reptilian hybrids are like nice little dogs if you compare them with Draco hybrids, because these ones are more like tigers with incredible superpowers, that don\'b4t have any enemy thats able to battle in any intellectual, magical, evil or technological way with them. Its not possible. So if you are a "Draco Hybrid", thats living on this earth, you will be considered a very and extremly big danger for this earth and its - NOT - true that all organisations are controlled by dark forces or negative ETs. Its more that all ETs and all forces are controlling on a equal level all organisations that you would define as NSA, CIA, FBI, NASA and others. Thats also the reason why you just find faked photos of other planets and areas in this universe, its not because humans try to lie to you, its more like the ones that control the human experiment, control your awareness and build up limits for your allowed knowledge, so you don\'b4t have forms of knowledge, that go to far outside the box.  \par
There are multiple other human races in many other areas of this universe, but most of them are natural, which means they are from a earth based perspective, ET in nature. Humans of earth would describe them for the biggest part as "Pleiadian", but the pleiadian species also is just a genetic combination of something thats again very different and not equal to human dna. Humans of earth are the experiment of many ET species that don\'b4t visit earth because the creation of humans was just a medical scientific experiment, that other species would observe again and these other ETs are the science operator groups that got hacked from multiple other forces that have a very evil intention and thats the answer why everything on earth is wrong and not how it should be, which means that nature is not the reason for all the evilness on earth, but the process of hacking the ones that should observe the soul evolution of synthetic humans and watch how this experiment here on this earth would end, but a problem happend in the year 1996 on this version of earth, because a very dangerous other species, synthetic in nature, wanted to replicate the complete time line. \par
Another force protected the earth experiment from this very dangerous other force, but not because of love for humans, because it was just the job, to protect, what the other races designed here on this earth. What happened was that the replicated time line of the earth experiment got replicated itself, with glitches from all other time realities, fusing into all this from every possible dimensional layer and energetic perspective. If you are a normal human on earth, it would appear that heaven was destroyed and hell activated a very different reality, something like you would see in a movie like "The Matrix", full of hyperdimensional agents and strange and very abusive hackings, but actually its just a extremly normal part of the real reality beside this experiment here on earth, no matter what time line, humans or ETs would use, because its for everyone the same, its just not the same perspective for everyone and thats creating the different battles of negative and positive missions, ideologies and ideas that are actually living energies.\u-257?\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\ulnone\b0 The first creations of the universe were negative entropy intelligence that was more into the behaviour of a highly violent spider, ready to spread poison. By time the negative linearity shaped a different dual curve of inverted intelligence and billions of years later this created reflections of a new direction that was more like a family intelligence. Again much later the first biological lifeforms downloaded these oldest intelligence streams into their incarnated body functions and saved it by dna or similar concepts. Humans were designed much later and many species, much more advanced, were alive in the time before this solar system and even this galaxy have existed. Some cloned and extracted parts of the reality by using super ultra advanced AI. The soul of lifeforms went trough the time streams of AI induced worlds to upload again soul into the empty darkness of non-data behavior. Very complex situations happened. So there is a good reason why there is oldest intelligence with demonic position, because the reason for hate and evilness are coming from the disrepect for the quantum physics that humans and most aliens use in other galaxies. The bible was actually a fairytale book for children, but people did not understand the idea of the bible. Its a fantastic teaching book, but its just a fairytale story and not a serious book. Its made for warning the human highest and lowest self at the same time. Demons do not exist, they are more something like lifeforms that "disrespect" physical laws and the ethics of truth, because for them its a world of lies and illusions anyway, thats not containing any truth. You need to understand the psychology of the oldest intelligence available in this universe or they will not be with you. You absolutly need to understand the oldest available intelligence in this universe or you will not get far because there is no god or devil, heaven or hell, but every frequency range has its empire and most people understand not even 1% of what I just said, but the only path for knowledge is the difficult and dangerous one.\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\ulnone\b0 You just can read this message, because we talk trough a person that wrote messages for the uploads of a individual called "Aug Tellez", which is a male entity that went trough so much trauma in other evolutions, that his knowledge crashed trough the reality wall that should control his simulated awareness of synthetic-knowledge, so his evolutions went backwards into the diametral direction and this moved him outside of the box, because the body is moving into the future and the mind moves into the past because reality is extracted trough a inverted process and military intelligence made a try to hack this process. "Aug Tellez" was deep underground in very special buildings under earth\'b4s surface and this is absolutly for sure, but "Silke F" and many others were also down there under the surface of earth in highly advanced buildings of highly advanced species. Real humans work also in these bases, but also synthetic humans and species that look perfectly human, but are not human in any way. They can shapeshift. Some species use devices for shapeshifting and some don\'b4t need to use technology to shapeshift. "Silke F" had very friendly people and aliens around her in these underground bases. "Stars" of film and music industry also - need - to be down there in these centers and bases, because of very complex biological, genetic and interdimensional adjustments. "Silke F" changed a bit into a more mechanical, cold and analytical person, after lifeforms were bringing her back to the surface and into her house as a child and teenager. \par
Organisations from the earth based reptilian species decided to kill "Silke F", because her dna is just 1% human and most of her dna is coming from the old ones that designed the "Draco", so "Silke F" is something like a extremly rare lifeform on earth, but also in this universe, because her genes are able to change the planet around her and thats a problem for the ones that try to control this planet. Everything is just living energy thats navigating somehow trough extremly different layers of dimensional realities. All that actually exists is in this context a good or a bad behaviour. Far away from this galaxy are 2 forces that to their best to control this universe, but they are not interested to visit earth, so they just manipulate the elite of earth to modify this earth experiment. Entropy and the law of destruction are the dominant factor for this universe and its complete fatality behaviour. Gangstalking and all these remote controlled observations and technological manipulations, that can be a big torture or just a modification of dna thats not part of human evolution, are remote controlled activities from ETs and ETs are just lifeforms like you, with the difference that their planet is not your earth. They control the experiment. So your body is their property, because you all were created by many different races. Thats the truth that nobody wants to tell you. Therefore only the channeling mediums and people will get popular and positive feedback, that spread lies about love and light or sweet messages that promote the bible. The truth is that hell and heaven do not exist, but everything is based up on soul recycling and time recycling.\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 Every wind, mountain, cloud, software, animal, plant and of course every other thing is the language of something and everyone is a filter for the decoding process, but sometimes the decoding process will be hacked and this happend to humans and many other species that are not from this planet. No species is the king or the queen, but almost every higher species in this universe acts like this and this is very childish. The mind is actually a electromagnetic gas with interdimensional functionality and because of the magnetic gas, telepathy is possible, between one lifeform and another one. The body and the mind are just a cosinus and a sinus operator, so its a very simple mechanism that can even be defined trough a mathematical formula, but human science does not understand the dark matter and dark energy, so this formula is not ready to be explained at this time on this version of earth, but let me say that destruction is the highest law in this universe, because of entropy and I would say that at least 60% of this universe are negative energy and about 30% are positive, while about 10% are the link between negative and positive energy. \par
Science will not tell you a lot of true facts, but 2% of dna already decide if you are a human or a monkey. People with superpowers got certain genes that others don\'b4t have. It has nothing to do with demons, they don\'b4t exist. Evilness is not a special kind of species ["Demons]. Evilness can be inside of everyone. You decide if you want this. Its a wise idea to be friendly to everyone, including yourself, because hate and evilness will eat your positive energy and transform it into negative energy on quantum level. If that happens, you open up portals to very evil energies and forces with every single cell of your body. These forces and energies are just evil because they come from a universe thats working trough the law of entropy and destruction. You, the reader of this text, are not from a universe like that. So your soul essence and body energy, would end up as a organic portal for evilness and thats a normal, perfectly natural, law of this and other universes. Has nothing to do with "Satanic Ideology". "Satan" is just a ideology, nothing else, so satanists are only praying to the "Dark Matter" and "Dark Energy", which can move and be transformed by dna, so "Black Magick" is working, but its more like a physical law of positive energy thats transformed into negative energy and this is creating shadow realities for a very evil orientated source thats operating trough portal technology, time extraction thoughts, interdimensional telepathy and occult rituals.  \par
If humans only would have 2% less dna of a certain kind, they would be a monkey and not a human, so you can imagine what happens if perfectly normal and human looking 15 year old girl has 2% human dna, but 13% dna is from over 328 species that aren\'b4t part of earth evolution. Sounds extreme, but its realistic. She ends on the list of the individuals for national danger, but nobody will tell her about it. She will be monitored 24 hours by helicopters, cars and stalkers that walk around her at any time of the night or day. Movies like "X-Men" are just about the bitter reality of this planet, because hybrids are on the "Watch-List" and everyone is a hybrid if dna of other species is part of his or her dna. The point is that many species exist so far away outside the range of reality thats known on earth, that the earth government has a problem with such people that contain such dna, because such hybrid people, invite or could invite other forces to planet earth. Thats a highly important point and the highest elite, the human side of it, knows about it and designed special laws to monitor everyone that has only to some little degree human dna.\par
I talk about physical energy and matter, that can have a negative or positive energetic behaviour. Physical objects that you can see, have normaly positive energy particles, because negative energy does not contain photons and photons make something visible, so demonic forces are not using photons, but they can use the body of someone else, to operate trough someone else, which means they are a multidimensional interface-bridge between positive and negative energy, but only if the negativity is more and the positivity is less dominant. \par
ETs designed a software that can track every clean awareness on this planet, so people with clear intelligence and clean energy will be tracked and hunted down from that "AI-System", but 2 "AI-Systems" exist and one is working against people with good intentions, clear intelligence and clean energy ["Gangstalking Attacks"] and the other "AI-System" is against hybrids of a certain type. If you - somehow - work for the industry of film, industry of music or industry of manipulation ["Politics"], you will be watched and observed on highest level, but you will not be hunted down. If you are a hybrid of a certain type and you bring your thoughts, ideas, impressions and creativity to the public awareness, you will end on the "Red Code Watch-List" and the red code is actually even existing in the clothes that these "Gangstalkers" use.\u-257?\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 An empty seed on the alpha line, is what many highly advanced species are, that organise human reality on this version of earth, so reality needs to be reversed, to understand it. Before a normal human entity gets born on physical levels, it will be in the MULTIDIMENSIONAL dream like waiting line of a holographical military base thats operating off-planet and off-world. This base is the master position before all physical incarnations in this or other universes that give forces and lifeforms permission for physical existence on planets that operate trough a empire. Everyone has to stay in the line like a soldier. They have multiple quantum supercomputers that are able to render living energies down to a physical construct. They have watchers at this base. Everyone will get genes that operate like a ID card. Thats the idea of genes, because its a ID card for everyone thats alive and part of a species. Quantum supercomputers can track and stream every gene from everyone that was designed by nature or synthetic laboratory intelligence that create the reality outside the matrix that humans can enter. Species of different galaxies are not existing, because they are actually created by these holographic off-world matrix laboratories. They exist at a place thats between the dimensions that glue together what humans call reality quantum mechanics. The ones that don\'b4t cooperate in the line with the watchers, will not get a body and the watchers will isolate them within a wall of energy thats operating like a interdimensional prison. These ones are what humans call demons. The other ones in the line, are the ones that get a body and a incarnation, but its open how they all pass the tests, because nobody will get permission for incarnation if he fails. The ones that go by the intention of anarchy trough these bases, are the warrior species. By that time no genes or dna will be installed into these lifeforms so they still have only a holographical body that looks like a real body, but its holographical. The clothes are black and look a little bit like a special police suit in black color. If you go against the system, you will get a dna that humans will define as pleiadian, lyrian, lemurian, reptilian or something else. If they can not get you under control, they will make sure that your next life incarnation is a bad experience so they can make sure that your ghost soul shell identity is traumatised because you will forget what happened before you got born into a planet with a dna thats new to your original configuration and identity, but your higher soul shell ghost identity will remenber every moment and part of data. The ones that control the planets are always orion authority souls and let me put it this way, the orion authority, makes demonic individuals look positive and friendly. There is no way to mess or deal with them if you are in this moment using a body and the process of incarnation, but they can modify you in every possible way because you are from their perspective just something like a little software app that they can use, abuse, modify or erase. They can do this without a problem because they control everything, so they make absolutly sure that every intelligent entity with a rebel ghost shell - will be, on a hyperdimensional level, hunted down, attacked, harassed and removed from existence. The ones that humans call shapeshifter, are the ones that don\'b4t use the full quantum field, but just 40% or less of it and thats the reason why so much shifting of the appearance is possible. Its very simple and easy to explain. Has nothing to do with demons. It has to do with the original configuration that went against the machine thats creating the incarnations, so shapeshifting people are like the unwanted fallen ones in this luciferian experiment. Has nothing to do with evilness. Religion was designed by the brainwashed slaves of the orion authority. The idea of gods was a thought implant of many groups that operate off-planet or off-world. Its a very complicated situation, but its very simple if you understand it. Remembering is the source for knowledge B, while knowledge A is designed by the act of creation. Knowledge C is designed by the act of orion authority co-creation. Knowledge D is designed by synthetic glitches inside the matrix because this can put everything together in a new way, so knowledge D is also the reason why human genius is possible sometimes. Genius is about how specific the analytical logic of creation and awareness works, so the more specific a person can get, the more far the capacity for intelligence will reach outside the pool of a regular good human intelligence. IQs beyond 200+ are in most cases proof of synthetic genes or alien dna of a certain kind. IQs beyond 300 are perfect slave robots if they are working for the system and if they work against it, they are extremly targeted in every possible way. Intelligence is not about working like a computer, but thats what the world system wants you to think, to control you better, because human computers can be controlled so much better. Control is everything for the ones that build up the earth elite and about 200 members the white elite on earth has. Only about 60 members the black elite has on earth. They use the black and white color code system to define someones level status. People like presidents are not part of the real elite. They are only part of the earth surface elite. The higher level elite is living under the earth surface and not one single name is made public at all. The list of the names that are part of the white and black elite, which is the highest here on earth, is containing names that nobody would know on internet. People on internet talk a lot about aliens, hybrids, holographic, robotic and synthetic people and these kind of people exist for sure outside the black and white elite. The ones that don\'b4t use human dna, but look like humans, can be part of a species thats able to shapeshift into every person thats part of the blue, white or black elite, so special organisations exist that hunt down the ones that can shapeshift. So if you, the reader of this document, are able to shapeshift, you also will be a targeted individual that helicopters, stalkers, multiple organisations and devices will observe 24 hours. The goal for them would be to kill you and replace you with a clone, but they figured out that its impossible to clone shapeshifting dna, because the genes are changing. The changing is not creating a mutation because if gene A is changing, gene B will clone gene A and replace it inside the body, plus a lot more protons and photons are available for a shapeshifting person. Shapeshifting is not possible if someone is part of earth evolution. Gangstalking is just one way, how they deal with people that don\'b4t have many human genes. Political people of the highest position, are never human. They are holographical clones of the real people, while the real people live under the earth surface in bases. Sounds incredible and bizarre, but thats a fact and modern projects try to transform holographical people in higher position from clones back into real people that contain installed devices of technology and they use aquariums with blue lights to make them grow in a special liquid deep under the surface in extremly dangerous underground military bases. They got so much highly advanced technology down there, they can see on a white device thats part of a large white monitor, red points, if you just go, by using remote viewing, into the zones and they can download your quantum behaviour in a few minutes, modify it and send it again back to you and when you go to sleep, your life will be not anymore the same, if you wake up the next morning, because your life will be suddenly like a target for occult reality manipulation, which is hyperdimensional by the way.\u-257?\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 A sensational desire for truth does not lead to knowledge or de-knowledge, but to even more dissociation as a result of consequences based on a departure through the separation of waking consciousness and dream consciousness. That sounds a bit more complicated than it is. The consciousness interrupts its vibration in this universe every three high 6 seconds, of course each within its own bubble and emanations, and only then is it able to interact with the rest of the world in such a way that other dimensions are not synchronized but distilled out interdimensionally as well If human consciousness had a longer break, it would otherwise interact with the Universe, more like a cat. Cats and other animals have better connectivity with this universe. There are many other universes. But you do not need to care so much about the rest of the universe on Earth. The rest of the universe is interested in being honest, not so much for you. While there are some civilizations showing interest, that's not worth mentioning. They do their thing and you do your thing. There is absolutely no reason to be fascinated by so called extraterrestrials or other lifeforms that fit into the off-world and off-planet context, because all life is perfectly at home in its own environment and it does not matter if there are dimensions that separate everyone, because everything is the nested content of a multiple world that re-emerges every moment and sometimes even backwards in historical time. Every dimension and world is like an antenna and receives each other's dimension and world through very extraordinary detours and special moments.\u-257?\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 A Eye Virus = AI Wire Us / Lion = Lie On\u-257?\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 Playing chess is a good example of acting psychopathic in a ethical way, because psychopathic intelligence is doing calculations to simulate and coordinate manipulative behaviour, while normal people are not like this, but actually computers and psychopaths are very close to each other, because psychopaths have a computer like inside, behind their mask, but this does not mean that all psychopaths are bad or criminal or dangerous. A computer person could kill without a problem, but also a person thats not having any inside, that a normal person would enjoy to have. People shouldn\'b4t act like computers and otherwise, a good example of nazi\'b4s are computer like people, cold like ice, that see you and me and everyone else as a 0 or a 1. Super smart people can be a problem. Its not so much a problem to be not very smart or a confused blurry receiver of the worlds around you. All kind of different people exist and its no possible to sell your private insights to a larger amount of people if its about interpretation and not pure data information. People think so much about what they call reality that they unfold the box while at the same time trying to think outside the box, while actually there is no outside the box. Your genes are already enough setup factors that promote a fused inside into all kind of other boxes and thats important if you play chess, because before you really play in a fighting or warrior mode chess against someone, you analyse the other person. The same goes for boxing sports. All very good boxers do first impressive analytical work and after this step, put the other person into a box that contains options of a certain kind and the same box system can be used if you play chess against the computer or a human. Its like doing mathematics. Acting smart is not easy, because there is so much, to care about. So it matters how important some kind of work is for your intentions. Everyone starts as a beta personality and will only go slowly, step by step, into a alpha personality. Alpha people hold never their behaviour, thoughts or feelings back. Alpha people go their way - trough the wall - if its necessary. And this is why I see computers that play chess, as a interesting example, because they also don\'b4t stop. Humans are limited by their capacity, fears, energy, health, genes and really so much more, but computers are like psychopaths, a very cold calculator of "corners" that you actually don\'b4t "see", so computers can deal very quickly with things that are not part of the "box", that humans - need - as a form of necessary nature.\u-257?\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 I always was gifted as a child to know whatever I wanted to know. So I get monitored by black helicopters 24 hours since I'm a child. Every planet, including every moon in this solar system, has a military system society that is to some part human, but just the lower parts of it and there are prison blocks and cells that go under the surface. These off-planet prisons are not for humans, but human hybrids and real ETs that also can look like normal humans. These prisons are for people that live over 500 years and they have so many psychic powers, that they need to be put into another planets prison block. These are not normal criminals, but extremly dangerous individuals that were doing things like hacking high level military time travel projects within other civilisations, not just from earth. Some are in these off-planet prisons because they are to intelligent for some of the time line control groups. Some can not just be killed because their psychic capacity can modify and control reality around them in a very intense way or other civilisations would protect them to a certain degree. And in many cases they just put human looking ETs/hybrids into the off-planet prison system if they don't know the intention of someone or if they just don't like that you exist. They use special prisions with interdimensional scanning devices and they got rooms inside of interdimensional rooms. There are also high class prison sections for highly advanced warrior lifeforms that can be very tall and extremly dangerous. They also got in these off-planet prison blocks and cells, lifeforms that they collect from different times. All planets and moons got something that should be called a "Time Shild" so you only can enter these military systems if you know the time codes to get in and again away from the planet or moon. Time code passwords are a very highly advanced way to keep something secret from the awareness of others. There is no way to enter it and if you try to hack a planet's or moon's time code, you also will get into deep trouble. Mars had these time codes but was hacked about 2 million ago, so all the technology is now looking to some degree like bizarre mountains and strange structures. The pyramids on Mars contain multiple dead beings that were part of tje civilisation of Mars. These humanoid lifeforms were tall and searched for protection inside of these pyramids because of deadly dangerous storms. So you still can enter the time code before 2 million year back in time, but it has a "Time Shild" and it has a password. The password is a mathematical pattern secret code between interdimensional gravity waves that are created by another off-planet source, but its not from this solar system. Most members are looking like very bizarre looking humans, but there are also other humanoid lifeforms that are not part of the same dna group. They got "DNA-Groups" on these prison planet's and moon's that control time lines on this and other versions of the earth simulator. They track and monitor all lifeforms on all earth time lines with advanced quantum control software and technology. On this version of earth is nothing available that you could compare in any way. But there are problems coming because of other civilisations that observe them, mostly these other species are also part of a very negative orientation, but just 3 of them are dangerous for the off-planet secret time control & interdimensional prison group from the planet's and moon's of this solar system. One civilisation entered this solar system with a cube and its at this moment in this time line on Jupiter. Almost all lifeforms inside this cube are not anymore alive. I see that a extremly deadly poision from Jupiter was killing them after the cube's weapon technology interacted with chemical reactions on Jupiter by accident after a fire storm.\u-257?\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\par
\ulnone\b0\par
}
 