{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\ul\b\f0\fs22 silk f comment aug video may 21 2018 checkpoint amenti\par
\ulnone\b0 Aug Tellez, I had a intense demonic attack today. At the moment I\'b4m like in a half trance. But I\'b4m in perfect shape after all, because I\'b4m one with the demonic energy. I took it and used it. Now it can not take or use me. Thats the way how you deal with it. But it activated some other persona inside of me. I feel now like a demonic entity myself because the evilness is now a part of me, but with this also the intelligence is a part of me, so I consume what would like to consume me. In the end we all are one. The evilness lost its mind and the good ones lost their power. Its time to consume and pull the dimensional cache into your evolution. This is how you pull data of knowledge into yourself. Everything is just between the things that are and thats why you can say everything is just some interdimensional source of energy constructs that someone can consume. We are like snakes that consume our own energy, but you can consume everything else also, if you let it come to you and this is how you deal with energy vampires of dimensional grades. Eat their energy. And their energy is yours. It will be not able anymore for the other energy to consume you or take away something from you if you made the other energy be a part of your energy field. Don\'b4t worry about chaotic response(s).  Consuming the energy of everything and everyone creates knowledge. you don\'b4t need to go trough bad or difficult experiences to find special knowledge. Anything anyway is only a dream, because interdimensionality is all that is, which is moving very slowly, to generate the physical reality of time, matter and suffering. Happiness, joy and perfect harmony are here, nothing can change us - nothing - can harm us. Nobody and nothing is ready out there for us. We are the children of the new society. The illuminati is afraid of us. The media is not happy about our existence. The school books are not sharing our ideas. Everyone is against us. So we are the little warriors. Always. And some don\'b4t make it to find a respect so hate attacks are all that we find, which turns us into perfect masters of morphing demonic energy into positive energy and thats turning us into a double figure on both ends of the spectrum. I would never leave someone unprotected. So I talk. Because the Homo Sapiens isn\'b4t ready or protected. Dolphins are also not protected. Nobody is protected. Some say I\'b4m protected by pleiadian powers, because I actually got pleiadian dna, but I also have so called draco and reptilian shapeshifter dna. Thats the truth and I uploaded many photos of my vertical slit eyes. Plus I morph my appearance if I go trough "almost" accidents. One time I went trough a closed door. Other times I found myself in spaceships. Some will say these are orchestrated scenarios of military mind abuse programming projects of a very sinister and dark perspective. What should I say? I was in the middle earth under earths surface in highly advanced buildings and bases. I know this because I can not forget because I have a photographic memory. I see everything in this minute like it happend 4 hours ago. I love animals and nobody should torture them. Animals need love, even if they are about to kill and eat you. Tigers are a good example. Tigers have the same quality like demons, but demons are what people hate, if they aren\'b4t into black magick and I love to love demons and tigers, because I have no reason to hate demons, they were around me all the time when I was a child and even now they talk to me if something is important. I don\'b4t like to use the term demons, because they don\'b4t like the bold connotation. They say that everyone, including animals, can be bad or psychopathic, so there is no reason to act like there would be a species that could be defined by the parameters of horror. Friedrich Nietzsche was correct about the thought the you get stronger from things that don\'b4t kill you and thats what your perspective on demons should be, because everyone, including humans, are demons for someone else. Its a basic law to be all and one at the same in one. Universal multidimensionality is all that is and there is no time to make a difference like in old historical nazi moments. Black people are not worthless creatures. They are amazing lifeforms. White people just made black people look like worthless to build up a crime scene that could grow to design very clever a bigger monitoring police planet system and the same game is played with syrian people and the rest thats coming to europe because help is needed. Things get complicated so the script of drama can be experienced. The question is, how can you deal with the drama of others, if you are ignorant? Nobody is needed on this version of earth if ignorance is the definition of someones character. I hope this was clear enough for everyone out there. Sounds a little bit sinister, but I promisse, there is so much more, thats going beyond any possible awareness that a Homo Sapiens could process with logic, intelligence, philosophy or emotion, that ignoring the bigger picture is all that will happen for the most part, because filtering the important stuff isn\'b4t always simple, if nobody knows anymore the difference between 1 and 0. Think about that on a bigger level. Its a good question. I like the intensity of a challenge so I would probably be a good lawyer, but if I continue to talk bad about the elite and this manipulated society, I will probably need myself a lawyer, because people all over the internet are acting like compilations of the AI mechanism and talk like the living dead about me and my past, without knowing anything about me or my past, so they spread criminal lies about me. As a example they say that my compositions would be stolen from other artists. Its easy to say this lie about me because I have no labal and no agency at all. There is not one person that works for me so I\'b4m all by myself. So its me against the complete internet reality. But I\'b4m chilled. Lies are anyway everywhere. Paris Hilton and Taylor Swift know what I\'b4m talking about. Taylor Swift made me a little bit famous and I got many years ago 200,000 views in just one day after she wrote me a message that she likes my music. Cloning of cybergenetic individuals is just one part of a bigger. I understand if people like Taylor Swift enjoy insanity in music and I got a lot of insanity in my music because I don\'b4t think that music should be designed by the building blocks of normality, because so called zombie slave programming is exactly what you get if you\'b4re into normality and trying to ignore the rest of the world thats to big and creepy, to fit into the so called normality cloud stream of transdimensional data that you identify sometimes as a normal reality. Words are not important. The intention is important thats behind words. Heaven and hell are coming out of one voice thats floating like a magical wizard dolphin over the rainbows of bizarre mythology into the cosmos of multidimensionality next to a bottle of Jack Daniels if fantasy is all and I can say that fantasy is all and everything, so go and be a fantasy construct for everything thats trying to use you as a rational building block of anti-fantasy in this ocean of love and miracles.\u-257?\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment:\par
\ulnone\b0 People from earth could call the watching authority "ET\'b4s" or something else, but they are what they are, "Type C Watchers", because they monitor outside the linear time line matrix, beyond time A and B, while they work on highly advanced reality projects with scientific background goals, that are highly complicated. Some of these "Watcher Groups" work on projects to go back in time, to create a new time line, from this universe into another one, to implant historical portals on interdimensional levels. Some of these groups do other stuff. Not everything they do is positive or light and love orientated. Some projects are about installing thought implants in humans to get a certain effect that other groups can use for other projects. Its - extremly - wrong to use terms like "Aliens" or "Hybrids", because nobody is pure, the entity that he is. Everyone is part of something else. Everything works together. Nothing is isolated. The only thing that can isolate is a quantum system thats so different that it can\'b4t be compatible and if you see people that shapeshift, you just see a quantum field thats not compatible with this universe. Nothing else. Its a proof that human simulation is possible, even if its not human at all. Human appearance, but a shapeshifting visual anomaly, will only demonstrate instability of "whats there and whats not there" and its always changing in these cases. Thats all, because the core configuration, is not coming from this universe, its a very alien like quantum behaviour in nature. Some have less and some more of this. In some cases the eyes can become vertical slits and in other cases the complete body can morph into a demonic looking figure. Hell is not existing. Its not a place. Everything is just a thought. But the idea was to give every thought a visual reality output. So there is a lot more out there on this earth than humans that are Homo Sapiens, because some just look human, but are not Homo Sapiens. The alien conspiracy is less complicated if you know what is happening. Aliens are lifeforms that don\'b4t exist on earth. If unknown intelligent lifeforms are on this earth and playing their secret games, its very possible, that this isn\'b4t something special at all. Try to look at this case from a different perspective. \par
Good and people people exist everywhere. The same goes for good and bad dogs. Also, the same goes for the lifeforms that humans like to call aliens. I wouldn\'b4t call them aliens, but its a big subject and many different groups, species and ideas work on this planet. Humans are not even the big players in this universe. There are so many different players in this universe that humans are just something like insects for these players if you compare humans with these players 1:1. Military technology on earth is actually not that far as most people think and the few cool highly advanced toys that earth military has, are for the most part just the product and idea of a few super intelligent humans or the ones that use humans to destroy humans by giving humans destructive technology ideas trough inspiration, dreams, channelings or hypnosis. You will hear only from another genius scientist, but actually its a installed idea, from a highly different genetic evolution, because inorganic forces can design thoughts in humans since millions of years and this can be a good thing or a bad one. Not everything is bad or dark. Its really not like that, but there is a lot going on behind the global awareness on this planet. Demons don\'b4t exist, but life exists that has no body, so some of these forces like to find a body and they use possession. These choose in many cases people with a extremly bad life or people with a extremly good life, because both extremes, can give them energetic the full peak of feelings that are pure horror or pure joy. This actually may sound crazy, but from a human perspective, to understand it as the reader of this document, imagine watching a movie to forget yourself - and you absolutly have what I\'b4m talking about. Some of these so called demons can be very nice, positive and even protect you, while others can be the opposite, but thats just nature. Its normal and nothing like hell, because everything that exists, is part of all that is and nothing should be seen as something thats not part the rest, because everything is part of, at least, something else and in the end, everything is everything. There is nothing like a god. The idea of god and gods was implanted by ETs and they are actually just different from earth evolution and the difference of the biology is bigger than the difference of the mind if you compare them with humans. I don\'b4t like the term "ET" or "Aliens" but let me use it - not all ETs are highly advanced, but the ones that are, have a very human like mind nature. This may sound strange because the average matrix reality human is a beer drinking, porn watching and stupid talking, sad clown, but thats just because humans are going with the flow of this sad reality thought implant. Just think about the few people that got the inner rainbow light. Some people, even in the industry of film and music, know very well, what is going on. Not all, but some know a lot. But actually there is no limit of knowledge. The life of a human is just not long enough to gain big knowledge. Humans need 20 years to make a few smaller experiences and by the age of 35 humans made a few big experiences that are for the most part a drama, so by the age of 40, the life will get more relaxed. The young ages are more wild. Knowledge will only grow in quiet silence. Not in chaos. Hate will grow in chaos if peace is not available and knowledge not around. The human mind is not limited in any way, but most people act like a drunk donkey all day. So the reader may can understand why it was so easy to manipulate the human evolution for millions of years. Its really not that complicated, but in the end, nothing is complicated and everything is making perfect sense, even if things happend that shouldn\'b4t happen, like very sad historical tragedies. The mystery is the abusing of power that people use - without understanding that bad things will stay forever, because you can\'b4t delete trauma. Evilness makes no sense and the ones that support evilness, should stop it. Evilness makes absolutly no sense. The drama of these earth time lines are the quantum loops because they increase and boost just a certain frequency, so this will design a new dimensional disaster, but the split of earth in 3 different versions will solve this very complex problem of soul recycling inside the triangle of time A, time B and time C.\u-257?\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\ulnone\b0\par
Its always a game of finding balance and the game of evolution has many zones that need to be mastered for everyone. The government isn\'b4t that much involved or advanced as most people on internet say. There are so many other ultradimensional forces that also monitor everything that the government is doing. Even normal humans can monitor trough remote viewing a lot. Nobody needs always to talk about aliens and secret societies, because these things are not even that intense. Its more like a very slow process. Everyone is on the watchlist and this is including absolutly everyone in all universes. There is another system and its very different. Lifeforms that come from this other system, have a complete incompatible quantum field, which makes it possible for them to transform into every animal, human, mythological monster or even something else and they live in superdimensional cubes that are streamed into this universe. They designed the "Reality-Cube Essence" for what you on earth would call "Anunnaki" or "Draco". They don\'b4t have a constant flow of what humans would call visual appearance, so their visual appearance looks for the most part extremly demonic and terrifying. A human would end up in hospital and probably end up in psychiatry if he would see one of the lifeforms that humans call "Anunnaki" and "Draco". They look very similar to a demon thats holographical, but morphing from one form into another, able to use every existing genetic profile thats available in this universe, because the quantum cache is streamed inside them every moment, without holding a certain form or appearance, so its endless morphing. They are very different from everything thats existing and extremly dangerous. There are no words to describe how dangerous they are. Some people on this earth have dna thats related to the more organic version of them, thats part of something else again, but they would not care, so the Queen and other elite members are just little puppets for them and nothing more. I have also this dna, but not only this. If there is no good work involved, thats good for everybody - there is no honor. The idea of kings and queens comes from little puppets that think, they do a fantastic job for them, but actually the highest elite - is just the kindergarten zone of evolution - and nothing else. These other forces would never respect anyone thats doing what they want, but if you go against them, you\'b4re just like walking with a friendly smile and a good heart - into a cruel group of very aggressive tigers that will tear you in little pieces because they don\'b4t respect the idea of respect. They are actually very inhuman and not what you would call friendly, nice or chilled. They see time as their castle. So if you use time, because you exist and navigate trough incarnation cycles, these forces will see you as a problem thats trying to break into their multidimensional and interdimensional castle. Its very complicated to explain 1:1 without distortion, how their mind works, to make it easy for humans to understand. These forces are living millions of years, but they use time C, which is not the time that this universe here is using. So they can operate without using time A and B, to modify realities in any galaxy thats part of this universe. They see all zones in this universe as their property, so humans also are seen as their property. They design synthetic realities and a lot more. They monitor everyone and everything and even this message, that you read now. From a logical perspective, it sounds like a very stupid fantasy thought, but its a fact of highest order. Solar system time is part of time level 1 and 2. Level 1 means inside time. Level 2 means outside time. If the inside time is faster than outside time, your quantum stream is aging faster and if inside time is slower than outside time, your quantum stream is aging slower. Some people with time quantum level 3 will incarnate inside this universe trough data stream conversion. These people will never be a part of the quantum stream of this universe because their quantum mechanisms are incompatible, so their appearance will do what some people call "Shapeshifting". Also and thats another fact, these people will go trough this world here, like its a dream. This does not mean that everything will run wonderful all the time for them, no, because they are been monitored by something that I would call "Time Control Groups". They operate outside this matrix and quantum field in sectors that are not part of the simulated reality field. So these people that monitor them, are not humans from inside the matrix, but humans from outside the reality of the simulated world matrix on planet earth.\u-257?\par
\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
\ulnone\b0 Emotions are not there to fix problems, but to feel problems and thoughts are there to fix them. If you want peace, get free from thoughts, because thoughts will only increase your capacity to solve problems, that generate a boosting of simulated learning curves trough drama and tragedy, if you are under influence of the AI hive mind control technology thats coming from the sky and ocean. The chemical element "Sodium" has the atomic number 11, which means that it has 11 protons and gold has 70 protons, so sodium has less protons and is therefore more able to boost interdimensional quantum streams than gold and thats the reason why sodium is used in black and white magick, but gold has also qualities that operate on dimensional levels. In this interdimensional realm, everything is possible and the more interdimensional realms you can design in your reality zone, the more power your thoughts have. Witchcraft is just the ancient term for this. Humans of the "Homo Sapiens" type, have in very little amounts, also gold in their body and this helps them increase the body/mind connection, but there are also lifeforms, that just look like normal humans, but they aren\'b4t in any way related to human evolution and some of them work in deep underground military bases on this earth in highly advanced laboratory scientific buildings on designing new genes for humans and some of these new genes, that are synthetic by the way, will be used for chemtrails, because chemtrails are interdimensional routed with the energy particles that activate human dna, which makes many new things possible. Some are good, some are bad. Most planes are holographical projections because they already are a product of other chemtrails. Its about the design of a holographical reality. Chemical elements are used, but also very exotic technology, thats not inside the chemtrails, but hacking them, from other places in the galaxy, but also from other places in the dimensions. A fantasy reality construct, is more and more, what will be produced, because almost all animals and humans will be destroyed in about 140 years on this version of earth trough nuclear wars. They will pull this reality and earth the next few years into another dimension to save it, but they will not take everyone, so there will be a earth 1 ("Negative"), earth 2 ("Positive") and earth 3 ("Destroyed"). Its possible to design technology devices that create proton modulation with less than 9 protons and thats what I would call "Black Modulation" of portal technology. "Cybergenetic Units" exist among humans, that operate trough such technology and they can open and close interdimensional portals. You can imagine these "CGU Devices" (Cybergenetic Unit Devices) like a "Belt" that people use for the pants thats to big. Portal and time travel technology are the clothes that people wear, so you don\'b4t see a difference and no vehicle or anything. You just see how people disappear or appear in someones sleeping room or wherever. Interdimensional travel technology is operating trough hacking of time A and B sequences. Time A and B sequences are recording devices on quantum level 1 + 2, but not on level 3, because quantum level 3 is part of a very different system thats not available for the dimensions from this universe. Neurons and the organic consciousness, use time A and b, but the soul uses time C. Time C is the real and objective time of nature, but the simulated quantum level 1 + 2 are overwriting the real and objective nature of time A and B, so data changes backwards in time. Aug Tellez was choosen by very special groups. His knowledge is coming to him trough streaming the collective intelligence outside this earth, because middle earth is connected with the collective intelligence outside the earth, but not all areas inside and under earth surface are part of each other on social levels. There are many different species and also human   that live inside the earth. There are no demons existing, but there is far away from this solar system, a very dangerous and evil authority thats interested to control everything, because these forces are going the wrong path. Everyone can choose if he goes the positive or the negative path, because free will is to a small and certain amount possible. A good example was the evil Adolf Hitler time on earth, because its showing, what happens, if little groups of people, grow big enough to create empires, that grow big enough, to transform into a tool for very dangerous and other forces. Everything is one and connected, so every positive and every negative thought, idea, feeling, behaviour, construct, experience and energy - will shape the multidimensional and interdimensional reality behind multiple other realities, so "everything" is possible, always.\u-257?\par
\ul\b silk f comment\par
asked if event will happen soon.\par
\ulnone\b0 No, it will happen between the year 2160 and 2170.\u-257?\par
You will be a dead person and not anymore be alive if this kind of division will happen between 2160 and 2170, so you will not be a future product of anything thats related to one of these 3 earths and these dimensional divisions that are involved.\u-257?\par
\ul asked if she's aware of YRFT\ulnone\par
\ul\b response:\ulnone\b0\par
I\'b4m not interested in messages of others and I\'b4m not part of any scene or ideology that others share or promote in any way.\u-257?\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 